Leeloo v2 | Addition of rev2 firmware files, and clean-up of rev1 files. (#19270)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/clickety_split/leeloo/readme.md

# Clickety Split | Leeloo v2

> ![Leeloo v2](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0599/3460/5491/files/Leeloo-v2-Wired.jpg?v=1669873125)

Author: Hi @drashna!

I hope it's okay that I hosted the images on Clickety Split's GitHub.

:)

> ![Leeloo v2](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0599/3460/5491/files/Leeloo-v2-Wired.jpg?v=1669873125)

Reviewer: Needs to Imgur — Github links change, repositories are deleted, etc. and the image will be broken.

> ![Leeloo v2](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0599/3460/5491/files/Leeloo-v2-Wired.jpg?v=1669873125)

Author: Thank you @waffle87!  I've posted to Imgur; and, I'll update the readme.md file.

Leeloo v2 is the evolution of Leeloo, which is a 4x6x5m ortholinear split keyboard designed, created, and sold by Clickety Split Ltd.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Clickety Split](https://github.com/ClicketySplit)
* Hardware Supported: Leeloo PCB rev1/rev2, Pro Micro, Elite-C
* Hardware Availability: [clicketysplit.ca/pages/leeloo](https://clicketysplit.ca/pages/leeloo)

# Leeloo

> ![Leeloo](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0599/3460/5491/files/Leeloo-rev1.0-w.jpg?v=1646798726)

Reviewer 2: please rehost the image.

Author: Likewise for this one.

The original design and release of Leeloo.

# Sample Build Commands for Leeloo v1 and v2

> After setting up the build environment, consider the following Make commands:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
```

> Leeloo v1:
> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

    make clickety_split/leeloo/rev1:default

>     make clickety_split/leeloo/rev1:default:flash
> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    make clickety_split/leeloo/rev2:default
```

> Leeloo v2:
> ```
>     make clickety_split/leeloo/rev2:default_led
>     make clickety_split/leeloo/rev2:default_led:dfu
> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with the [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
```
